listen so vinnie and the family are back
in order to save cinemas and welcome you
back to
the movies they brought back justin lin
who directed tokyo drift he also did
numbers four
five and six where he had the longest
runway of all time
and now he's got a runaway truck that
skids the length of route 66 i
personally see this one as a reset
before the final two movies the vin says
he's going to be doing to wrap it all up
so it's kind of like
four where they just dropped the thus
but that followed up the biggest shift
in the saga
and now that vent doesn't have that
pebbling issue he gets to step on the
pedal and steer the story the way that
he wants to
is it ridiculous it's absolutely
ludicrous to the point that the titles
are not just keyboard shortcuts
where f8 equals fate and f9 equals
just fine let me explain now after the
last one they went into hiding since you
know
they retire after every movie until they
get the next one to come out
the big issue is that cipher's back
sporting an edgar cut but because she's
locked up in a box like zemo she's
manipulating the super rich dude's
son and dom's lost brother to collect
their version of the mission impossible
and espresso pods that when put together
become a powerful weapon to control the
world bevin is
mostly focused on family john cena plays
jacob terreto who's never been brought
up the entire series
until vin needed another wwe star who
would follow his rules
take his punches and not the scent so um
personally i was really looking forward
to seeing what he was going to bring to
the table
but i just i think they did him dirty
like not only is he betrayed by his own
family which leads him into becoming a
bad guy but eventually his own goons
turn on him too
like they gave his younger version more
scenes than cena had and legit had this
man apologizing to a whole country
during the press run
like i wish i didn't have to see it i
know it's the vinnie show and i'm always
gonna be team diesel all the way but
i feel like the biggest adversary that
he's had literally has been the rock
like there's even a line in the movie
where he says it's not about being
stronger but being the bigger man like
what
just at duane at that point but i know
that he's just happy to be back in the
driver's seat taking full control
and he ain't swarming no one ever called
me and said would you be comfortable
with jason statham being in the
franchise that question doesn't come
across my desk
that's a venn diesel play everybody for
the most part comes back in order to
fight cypher and take down the brother
tyrese is out there dodging minds like
he does on twitter ramsay is hacking
like she's playing arkham knight
while ted has clickety clacked his way
into her heart leaving roman with no
romance
and vinnie continues to work with the
most noble of actors like
he's worked with dane judy dench he's
like best friends with sir michael caine
and he brings back dame helen mirren to
steal the show
cars jewelry queenie doesn't pay uh
retail for anything that said i wanted
to bring back hector from the first
because by this point he should have
gone pro
and hopefully they finally given him a
surname they call me hector
got a last name too but i can't
pronounce it so a big part of this one
are the flashbacks to 1989 that show the
young toretto bros working under their
dad
who's gotten into so much debt that he
plans to throw a race but ends up
getting ricky bobbied as explaining the
first a guy named kenny linder
came up from inside in the final turn
he clipped his bumper and put him into
the wall 120.
obviously the fast series has its
religious overtones and knowing that
jacob in the bible was the younger
sibling to a twin who tried to take his
brother's birthright you know that's
something they're definitely alluding to
but he is also the biblical character
who wrestled with god so
i'm sure that was on vin's vine too he
ends up blaming his brother for the
dad's death not knowing that he was just
listening to what papa toretto had to
say
and didn't know that he was going to
blow up as we get to see the beating
that was mentioned in the first movie
that got him locked up
toretto did hard time for nearly beating
a guy today
i had a wrench and i hit him
and i didn't intend to keep hitting him
but by the time i was done i couldn't
lift my arms
it's in jail where he meets a younger
santos and leo who wasn't present in
this movie
like he hasn't been his concerts but
santos is played by osuna who was one of
three new artists in this one
they also had bad bunny as a lookout
they had cardi b playing interpol
but even in dolby like they just offset
a dialogue my daughter wanted a piece of
casting
to to happen so cardi b is in it
yeah i hate saying that
because you know i don't really flirt
with spanish they just need to cast
rihanna
soon they also cast younger versions of
all the mains from the first one as they
flash back to a bit where damont raises
his brother
out of the familia leaving michael
rooker who vin's worked with in the past
and he brings in
to be jacob's guardian when nobody else
is there for him and while the
flashbacks help flesh out the torettos
and build up to the thematic quote that
is
making peace with the past in order to
have a better future you all know that
the bigger quote comes from knowing that
profit from prequels takes you even
farther michelle in my opinion has built
up one of the most fleshed out
characters
like dom has died in her arms twice and
she still has the power to boot him back
up but she herself has also fought for
letty against the studio in order to
make sure that she doesn't become a
cliche and i think that she's held her
own throughout the franchise
would you believe i knocked them out
with my charm they're also finally doing
justice to mia who
look i get why they took her out because
of brian in that whole scenario but like
she's also a toretto and she should have
never been left out of f8
it's not that it felt great to be back
it just felt so odd to be gone it felt
like
it it didn't really make sense so it's
wonderful to be back
and now they're actually given our
action sequences and somehow finally has
a conversation with lethe who's her own
sister-in-law
and i'm like yes finally after what was
it it only took
18 years and even though it was done in
the goofiest way possible
they finally brought back han it turns
out that giselle had worked for mr
nobody and after her death
he reached out to han and was able to
fake his death in tokyo drift for some
reason because
mr nobody also has like an f9 budget of
special effects in his pocket
and even though we've seen that scene
from multiple angles and it doesn't make
any sense
obviously they were alluding to so many
star wars references in this one
that they weren't going to miss out this
one either no one's ever really gone
the main reason they brought him back
though was because of all the fan
petitions that wanted justice for han
since nothing's more disrespectful than
having one of the family members die
and then giving that killer a spin-off
so i'm glad that he's back since him and
director justin lane go way back to
their film
better luck tomorrow which is officially
unofficially the origin story duhan
since they play the same character
same name homie just went from smoking
in all of the scenes to
snacking the way you always have to keep
your hands and mouth busy
you are a two pack a day man for sure
and wondering
if they'll bring back his woman han
wasn't solo though since we last saw him
since he's been taking care of this new
character whose parents were the
scientists who created this aries weapon
the key just so happens to be in her dna
they drift in the rest of the tokyo
crew with bow wow losing a little sean
having an even thicker accent
and earl building a rocket that's going
to take them into space now what's crazy
is that
nasa actually worked with them for the
space sequences to make sure that
everything was
done well uh particularly the part where
they drove flew
a pontiac fiero into a satellite and
came out unscathed
if you went back to the o1 premiere and
told them that they'd be going to space
that f1 fans would have told you to f
off now they're magnetically zoinking
cars they're driving through these
minesweeper levels tom's charger still
helps him dodge
everything in his way as they're
practically working with mario kart
physics like rainbow road follows more
logic than these movies
but they figured you know just have
tyrese call it out and that would put to
rest the fact that they're all
practically
at this point they fully become
superheroes avenging their fallen like
these cars are driving up 90 degree
angles
down legit spiderman his car across two
cliffs manny even turned into bane in
one of these scenes where he's fighting
off no lie
20 dudes all by himself literally
cracking backs and what looks like the
same set from rises
they pulled the dark knight flip with
these two tiny cars to the point that it
was so ridiculous it might as well have
just been these two bros hitting it with
their own shoulders
personally i wish they just reeled it
back a little bit because
even though they're being very
self-referential it doesn't change the
fact that it's kind of like cutting the
stakes like
we never feel any threat to any of these
characters because we know they're just
gonna survive and
even if they're gone they're gonna come
back from the dead but we're also
talking about a series that went from
being an
action crime thriller to now being an
action adventure crime thriller
and you can add space to that and it's
just gonna keep growing vince talked
about wanting to do a
fast musical hell go ahead and make f13
a horror
add some time travel in there and since
they're both universal you know that
they continue to bring up the fact that
they want him to fight against dinosaurs
five years from now
remember you said that as long as they
end up hitting all seven continents
you know just go crazy you know i don't
know what's taking them so long to go to
africa but it'd be really cool to see
them in antarctica too
by the end everyone comes out unscathed
t-shirts whiter than ever
as dom is able to not pull a cane and
forgives his brother as they go their
separate ways
cipher is still on the loose with her
oliver tree haircut and the family gives
grace that they've made it to nine and
fasten themselves for the finale to come
this is the end of this mythology this
is the end
of this leg era of the sun
and that ain't bad for a dude who used
to live his life a quarter mile at a
time thank you all for checking out this
video i'm curious to know your thoughts
down below in the comment section
i know at the end they do a little nod
to brian pulling up to the og house that
they're rebuilding
uh in his car so it's gonna be
interesting to see how they're gonna
honor him or they
i don't know gonna recast pull the cgi
stuff again but they are shooting number
10 and 11 back to back
and i think they're gonna be calling
them part one and part two so
i it's gonna be interesting to see what
they do with it because it was even a
quote where they said that the torettos
always think they're the heroes in their
own story
and if you look back to all the crazy
stuff that they've done like
at a certain point i'm sure that they
have some victims out there i'm sure
someone does not like the torrentos and
they might be coming back to get them so
we'll see
i know that they said they got the final
shot already in the can like they
they know what they're going to shoot i
don't know if it's going to be like vin
sacrificing him his life you know that
that would be where he surpasses the
rock in my opinion but i know it's all
about
his legacy at this point he's he's cast
his own son to be in the movie so
it's going to be something where you
know it's the thing that's going to be
lasting for a while but i'm curious to
know your thoughts down below in the
comment section let me know your
theories
your favorites and anything else dealing
with the saga and until next time don't
forget to comment like and subscribe
we'll see you soon